# Open-Source-Ecosystem-Enabler
OSEE co-founded by ITU and UNDP, with the support from the European Commission, to foster knowledge and action on using open-source for digital public service delivery. OSEE will enhance capacity of local and regional public and private actors to adopt open source to deliver digital government services to populations.
The Open Source Ecosystem Enablement (OSEE) for public services innovation project complements and builds on the initiatives that are supporting the development and adoption of DPGs at country level. OSEE  aims to enhance the capacity of local and regional public and private actors to adopt open source technologies to deliver digital government services. OSEE will assist countries in strengthening their digital ecosystems to become active contributors and users of DPGs that help minimize costs and maximize efficiency through re-usability. The project will lead to more inclusive and citizen-centric public services through the collaboration with leading open-source and development organizations globally, regionally and at country levels. OSEE has three integrated streams of work. First, the project will collect insights from a community of experts, analyze successful open-source initiatives, and document best practices to create an Open Source Ecosystem Enablement Framework. This framework will provide practical guidance for governments and institutions on using, sustaining and share open-source solutions and DPGs. Second, the project will establish Open Source Technical Facilities (OSTF) to address the challenges faced by governments in implementing open-source technologies. It will start with two countries, based on their needs and development context, and will then scale up through regional collaborations. Third, the project will create a Global Knowledge Hub for Open-Source Public Services. The Hub will develop and circulate training, advocacy, and communication materials through established specialized training institutions and initiatives to disseminate the practical insights pertaining to open-source implementation.  It will promote a community of practice and develop a range of thematic knowledge products and training materials that will be made available on relevant platforms with open access policy. 
